web_widget_numeric_step/README.rst, before:

=======================
Web Widget Numeric Step
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:aa00ea1d2e4245170c8f2a6e774bffe29af982ceddd43292a7871cf6f194fc25
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fweb-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step
    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-17-0/web-17-0-web_widget_numeric_step
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/web&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This widget changes input number field and make it easier to increment
the number thanks to 2 buttons (+ and -). Use JS native logic for input
number, so you can use the options ``min``, ``max``, ``step``,
``placeholder``.

Demo available at Settings > Users & Companies > Users > \*Select One\*
> See 'Credit Limit' field

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

In your xml view, add ``widget="numeric_step"`` This will add the 2
buttons "+" and "-" just next to the input field in edit mode. Iteration
step by default is 1.

|image1|

**Optional**

Add an option to choose the step iteration and limits (min and max
values).

Example for an 0.25 step, min to -1 and max to 10 :

.. code:: xml

   <field name="sale_delay" widget="numeric_step" options="{'step': 0.25, 'min': -1, 'max': 10}" /> days

**Available Options**

-  step > Amount to increase/decrease (default: 1.0)
-  min > Min. value allowed (default: no limit)
-  max > Max. value allowed (default: no limit)
-  auto_select > Select the content when the element get focus (default:
   False)
-  placeholder > Define the placeholder text (default: None)

**Examples**

Iteration with 0.25 step, min to -1 and max to 10.

Start to increment with button, continue incrementing with scrolling
mouse.

|image2|

Iteration with 10 step, max limit 15, placeholder with onchange

|image3|

.. |image1| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step/static/description/add_two_buttons.png
.. |image2| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step/static/description/step0,25andlimits.gif
.. |image3| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step/static/description/step10_limit15_placeholder117_with_onchange.gif

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_widget_numeric_step%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* GRAP
* Tecnativa

Contributors
------------

-  `GRAP <http://www.grap.coop>`__:

   -  Quentin DUPONT <quentin.dupont@grap.coop>

-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com/>`__:

   -  Alexandre Díaz
   -  Carlos Roca

-  Helly kapatel <helly.kapatel@initos.com>
-  Thanakrit Pintana <thanakrit.p39@gmail.com>
-  Dhara Solanki <dhara.solanki@initos.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rafaelbn| image:: https://github.com/rafaelbn.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rafaelbn
    :alt: rafaelbn
.. |maintainer-yajo| image:: https://github.com/yajo.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/yajo
    :alt: yajo

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rafaelbn| |maintainer-yajo| 

This module is part of the `OCA/web <https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] web_widget_numeric_step: Add demo data to test the module

web_widget_numeric_step/README.rst, after:

=======================
Web Widget Numeric Step
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:aa00ea1d2e4245170c8f2a6e774bffe29af982ceddd43292a7871cf6f194fc25
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fweb-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step
    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-17-0/web-17-0-web_widget_numeric_step
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/web&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This widget changes input number field and make it easier to increment
the number thanks to 2 buttons (+ and -). Use JS native logic for input
number, so you can use the options ``min``, ``max``, ``step``,
``placeholder``.

Demo available at Settings > Users & Companies > Users > \*Select One\*
> See 'Credit Limit' field

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

In your xml view, add ``widget="numeric_step"`` This will add the 2
buttons "+" and "-" just next to the input field in edit mode. Iteration
step by default is 1.

|image1|

**Optional**

Add an option to choose the step iteration and limits (min and max
values).

Example for an 0.25 step, min to -1 and max to 10 :

.. code:: xml

   <field name="sale_delay" widget="numeric_step" options="{'step': 0.25, 'min': -1, 'max': 10}" /> days

**Available Options**

-  step > Amount to increase/decrease (default: 1.0)
-  min > Min. value allowed (default: no limit)
-  max > Max. value allowed (default: no limit)
-  auto_select > Select the content when the element get focus (default:
   False)
-  placeholder > Define the placeholder text (default: None)

**Examples**

Iteration with 0.25 step, min to -1 and max to 10.

Start to increment with button, continue incrementing with scrolling
mouse.

|image2|

Iteration with 10 step, max limit 15, placeholder with onchange

|image3|

**Demo**

You can test the feature by going to Settings > Technical > Scheduled
Actions. The field "Execute Every" is configured to use the widget with
2 step, min to 0 and max to 40.

.. |image1| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step/static/description/add_two_buttons.png
.. |image2| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step/static/description/step0,25andlimits.gif
.. |image3| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/web/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step/static/description/step10_limit15_placeholder117_with_onchange.gif

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_widget_numeric_step%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* GRAP
* Tecnativa

Contributors
------------

-  `GRAP <http://www.grap.coop>`__:

   -  Quentin DUPONT <quentin.dupont@grap.coop>

-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com/>`__:

   -  Alexandre Díaz
   -  Carlos Roca

-  Helly kapatel <helly.kapatel@initos.com>
-  Thanakrit Pintana <thanakrit.p39@gmail.com>
-  Dhara Solanki <dhara.solanki@initos.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rafaelbn| image:: https://github.com/rafaelbn.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rafaelbn
    :alt: rafaelbn
.. |maintainer-yajo| image:: https://github.com/yajo.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/yajo
    :alt: yajo

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rafaelbn| |maintainer-yajo| 

This module is part of the `OCA/web <https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_widget_numeric_step>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
